[Music]
whoo
a complete guide to finding the perfect
dog just for you
dogs are the funniest cutest and
friendliest ever they're not called
man's best friend for nothing right but
with hundreds of Brees to choose from
which one would perfectly suit your
lifestyle and needs let's find out but
first while you're searching for your
perfect canine companion also keep an
eye out for three bright side light
bulbs
hidden throughout this video once you've
found them all comment the timestamps
down below good luck
counting down from number 12 guard dogs
a lot of people are looking not only for
a friend but also a faithful Guardian in
their dog if you're one of those people
and you want your pooch to look after
your home you should probably consider a
Rottweiler Doberman Pinscher or German
Shepherd these breeds are natural guard
dogs since they don't trust strangers
that easily and they'll do a good job at
protecting your house now that doesn't
mean they won't be funny or cute don't
worry they can easily do both you
probably won't find a good fit and
retrievers though these dogs are usually
way too friendly so burglars would be
welcome with a wagging tail and slobbery
kisses number 11
family friendly dogs if you have a big
family full of kids or just welcome to
new born into this world it can seem
challenging to pick the perfect dog
breed of course pretty much every dog
loves children
but this would be a territory where a
Labrador or golden retriever would be
completely unbeatable they just adore
children and are always ready to play
nothing makes them happier than fetching
a ball if their size intimidates you
consider getting a beagle a Pekinese may
not be a good choice though they usually
prefer to be the only child in the
family
number ten athletic dogs if you lead an
active lifestyle and love going for a
daily jog you probably wouldn't mind
having a training buddy around would you
consider getting a pointer or a setter
since they're pretty much built for
running if you want something a bit
smaller a Jack Russell Terrier can be a
good choice as well it's not a good idea
to get an English Bulldog or a pug
they'll most probably struggle from
over-exercising steer clear of any large
stocky breeds to they may be too heavy
and the frequent running can damage
their joints number nine lap dogs what
can be better than chilling out on the
couch and watching some TV after a hard
day's work if you're looking for a furry
cuddle buddy who will always be happy to
laze around on the sofa with you a
French Bulldog or a Maltese is your
perfect fit they'll always be by your
side up or in your lap whenever you're
reading a nice book or watching your
favorite TV show any working breeds are
usually completely different they
require lots of exercise and activity
hence the name number eight dogs for
busy singles a lot of people stop
themselves from getting a dog because
they're constantly out of the house of
course
generally speaking dogs are social
animals but still some breeds deal with
being home alone better than others if
this describes your lifestyle think
about getting a shar-pei
or a basset hound retrievers and
colleagues on the other hand aren't a
good fit for you because they like and
require constant socializing and don't
forget that any dog needs love and
attention you shouldn't get one if you
won't be able to spend at least some
time with your buddy hmm maybe you
should get a cat most of the cats I know
could care less if you're around or not
but that's just me you haven't forgotten
about the lightbulbs have you keep
looking
number seven dogs for seniors freshmen
and sophomores get their own breeds if
you're retired and have decided to
welcome a dog into your home a good
option for you would be a Boston Terrier
a pug or a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel
boy that's a name they're affectionate
and playful without requiring lots of
exercise large dogs however can be a
little tricky sometimes they're mostly
active and need a lot of attention and a
sufficient amount of exercise number six
dogs for an apartment now if you're
living in an apartment there are certain
dog breeds that will suit you a bit more
than others surprisingly the size
doesn't always matter here it's about
the dog's temperament if the dog is
small it doesn't necessarily mean it'll
be happy living in a smaller space
consider getting a Yorkshire Terrier or
a bulldog if you're interested in
chihuahuas
you might want to think twice here these
dogs are tiny but very active number
five dogs for multi pet households if
you already have pets at home getting
another one is pretty challenging and
potentially dangerous you have to choose
the breed carefully since you surely
want all your pets to get along
retrievers collies and spaniels are
always happy to have company to play
with so they'll likely make a great
match with your other pets terriers or
breeds typically used in dogfighting can
sometimes be a bit complicated without a
doubt they have beautiful personalities
but unfortunately fighter dogs were bred
to be aggressive and competitive
it's simply in their nature number four
dogs that do well in hot climates most
of us love summer but not all dogs will
agree if you live in a place where it's
hot most of the year you should think
carefully about which dog to get
surprisingly many Shorthair breeds would
seriously struggle in a tropical climate
since tolerance to hot weather depends
not only on the coat but on the dog's
facial structure and size as well most
Terriers can take the heat and they come
in lots of sizes at the same time st.
Bernards
Sam Lloyd's and boxers won't feel good
in hot weather
number three dogs that do well in cold
climates if where you live is the
complete opposite of the type of climate
we just talked about then your options
obviously will be different breeds that
prefer a colder climate normally have a
thick double coat and more body fat so
as you can probably guess a good choice
is a st. Bernard Malamute husky or
Samoyed they feel right at home in cold
temperatures Dobermans on the other hand
hate the cold number two hypoallergenic
dogs now if you're allergic to dog hair
you've probably sworn off the idea of
ever owning a cane aye but hold on there
for a sec dander which is attached to
pet hair is the most common cause of pet
allergies schnauzers can be a good
choice since they're known for producing
less dander than other breeds another
good option is a poodle and any of its
designer cross breeds like labradoodles
spoodle x' and the list of GMO doggies
goes on just know that your allergies
may still act up from time to time but
overall it won't be as bad as with the
other breeds
German Shepherds aren't a good breed for
you due to their dry skin which results
in a lot of dander buildup the same goes
for a long-haired breeze as well or you
can always get the dog you want and then
just double down on the allergy medicine
like I did number one
dogs for a newbie getting a dog for the
first time ever is both exciting and
nerve-racking there are so many breeds
to choose from and they're all so cute
and adorable if you're new to the dog
owning world then a Labrador border
collie or poodle will be perfect for you
these breeds are very intelligent
relatively easy to train and they're not
stubborn schnauzers and Terriers require
a bit more patience though but they're
still great choices the best thing to do
is find a good shelter in your area make
sure to mention you're a newbie so that
they can find you the best fit and next
thing you know you'll be coming home
with a lucky dog
I'll surely become your most loyal
friend hey here's my dog meet Riley and
here's Riley and his best friend olive
the cat they even sleep together
this of course breaks all kinds of rules
in most of the world regarding pet
fraternization but hey we just can't
keep them apart
so do you already have a dog or are you
considering getting one tell us in the
comment section below and have you
already left a comment with the time
stamps of our three well hidden light
bulbs we hope so don't forget to give
this video a thumbs up share it with
your friends and subscribe to our
channel if you want to stay on the
bright side of life with us see you soon